---
title: A New Decade, A New Series
date: 2020-01-13
hero: /images/S20-Header.jpg
excerpt: About the new Samsung S20 Series
timeToRead: 5
authors:
- MohitKatta  

---
As the new decade is here, We have a new set of smartphones which came into the market. The Korean Company designed their first 2020 smartphone series and is now available to the consumers.

As always, there were a lot of speculations on the design perspective of this gigantic smartphone. The flagship S20 series comes in 3 different variants, the Galaxy S20, the Galaxy S20 Plus and the magnanimous Galaxy S20 Ultra.

All 3 smartphones are have the famous water drop pin-hole front facing camera and the special focuz on these phones, especially the S20 Ultra is the 100 Megapixel space Zoom. The S20 Plus has a mediocre 30 Megapixel zoom with enhanced picture quality.
These phones also come in different sizes, the S20 comes in a handful 6.2" Dynamic AMOLED 2X whereas the S20 plus comes in a 6.7" Dynamic AMOLED 2X and the S20 Ultra, as the name suggests, comes in a gigantic 6.9" Dynamic AMOLED 2X.
Samsung also managed to increase the battery capacity of the smartphones, the S20 and the S20 Plus have a manageable 4000 and 4500 mAh whereas the S20 Ultra has a magnanimous 5000mAh battery Capacity.

#Welcome to 5G
--
Huawei being the 1st Smart Phone producer to incorporate the 5G technology into their Mate30 Pro 5G smartphone, Samsung is also one of the first producers to incorporate 5G Compatible technology into all of their flasgship smartphones.

#Software Specs
--
Apart from te hardware aspect, the software has also been upgraded from OneUI to the OneUI V2.1. A couple of years back, we got the first lightweight and smooth UI created by Samsung and purging the old TouchWIz UI. With the new flagship line, we also have a lot of new changes made to primary version of OneUI. It has become a lot easier and faster with almost no noticeable lags, the korean company did a fabulous job in terms of the software aspect as well.
All the phones are now packed with 64-bit octa-core processor (Max 2.7GHz + 2.5 GHz + 2.0 GHz).All the phones are Android 10 pre-installed.

#Color Specs
--
The Galaxy S20 comes in three colors: Cosmic gray, Cloud blue and Cloud pink.Like the standard Galaxy S20, the S20 Plus comes in the Cosmic gray and Cloud blue colors. Instead of Cloud pink, though, the S20 Plus offers a Cosmic black option.

#The Camera Bump
--
Samsung's first quad camera smartphone was the Galaxy A9. The picture quality isn't that great but the innovaive quad cam idea was exceptional.The Galaxy S20 series also has a quad cam option , that is with the S20 Ultra.
The S20 ultra is packed with 108-megapixel (wide-angle), 48-megapixel (telephoto), 12-megapixel (ultrawide), time-of-flight camera.
The S20 Plus has a reasonable 12-megapixel (wide-angle), 64-megapixel (telephoto), 12-megapixel (ultrawide), time-of-flight camera and the S20 has a mediocre 12-megapixel (wide-angle), 64-megapixel (telephoto), 12-megapixel (ultrawide).

All the phones have exceptional yet storage eating 8k recording capabilities which can take clean, eye catching and pure videos.


                                                                                                              --By Mohit Katta  



{{< css.inline >}}
<style>
.canon { background: white; width: 100%; height: auto;}
</style>
{{< /css.inline >}}
